[CAM-10258] EC2 Instance Role feature for appliance (#2678)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Appliance/appliance-with-ec2-instance-role.md

{{{
"title": "CAM Appliance with EC2 Instance Role",
"date": "03-08-2019",
"author": "Roberto Santamaria",
"keywords": ["aws", "iam", "appliance", "role"],
"attachments": [],
"contentIsHTML": false
}}}

**In this article:**

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Audience](#audience)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Additional information](#additional-information)
- [Create the Policy for the EC2 Instance Role](#create-the-policy-for-the-ec2-instance-role)
- [Create the EC2 Instance Role](#create-the-ec2-instance-role)
- [Attach the IAM Role to the Appliance EC2 Instance](#attach-the-iam-role-to-the-appliance-ec2-instance)
- [Enable the EC2 Instace Role on CAM](#enable-the-ec2-instace-role-on-cam)
- [Create a Policy and Role for the managed account](#create-a-policy-and-role-for-the-managed-account)
- [Create a CAM Provider](#create-a-cam-provider)

### Overview

> This article shows how to leverage an EC2 Instance Role as an authorization mechanism for all AWS API calls from a CAM Appliance. EC2 Instance Roles ease credential management and increase security for applications running in EC2 instances. You can learn more about them in [the AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html).

Reviewer: Hey @robersantamaria, I think the comment inside the parentheses actually is good because later on we can just refer to the appliance and don't use the long name, don't you think?

   * **Account ID**: *the account that hosts the appliance*
   * **External ID**: *the external id selected on the CAM Setup Console, if any (this field may be empty)*
   * **Require MFA**: Leave unselected

![CAM Setup Console Enable EC2 Role](../../images/appliance/appliance-assumed-role.png)

3. Then click on **Next: Permissions** and select the policy that you created on step 1. Proceed to the last next, assign any tags you require, and finally enter a name and a description. In this example the role is named *CamProviderAssumedRole*.

![CAM Setup Console Enable EC2 Role](../../images/appliance/appliance-assumed-role-review.png)

4. Once you create the role, find it on the role list and click on its name. The Role ARN is listed at the top of the screen: *arn:aws:iam::managed_account_id:role/CamProviderAssumedRole*. This is the ARN that should be included in the Policy attached to the EC2 Instance Role (*CAMApplianceAssumeRolePolicy* in the previous sections) and as the CAM Provider credentials in the next section.

![CAM Setup Console Enable EC2 Role](../../images/appliance/appliance-assumed-role-details.png)

> ### Create a CAM Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a Cloud Application Manager AWS Provider
```

> You are now ready to create a CAM AWS Provider. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are now ready to create a Cloud Application Manager AWS Provider. 
```

> 1. Go to the CAM Console, click on **Providers** on the left menu, then click on **New**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the Cloud Application Manager Console, click on **Providers** on the left menu, then click on **New**.
```
Please, avoid the use of acronyms in the Knowledge Base

2. Select **AWS** from the dropdown menu, then enter a provider name.

> 3. Enter the ARN of role CamProviderAssumedRole in the **Account Role ARN** field, then click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter the ARN of role _CamProviderAssumedRole_ in the **Account Role ARN** field, then click **Save**.
```

![CAM Setup Console Enable EC2 Role](../../images/appliance/appliance-provider-with-assumed-role.png)

You will be taken to the provider view and the provider will start synchronizing. If the policy of role *CamProviderAssumedRole* restricts some of the actions on the AWS API, error or warning messages will appear on the activity log of this view.

![CAM Setup Console Enable EC2 Role](../../images/appliance/appliance-assumed-role-sync-provider.png)

> You will need to create additional roles for any additional provider you need to add to CAM. If you restricted the *CAMApplianceAssumeRolePolicy* to a specific list of resources, you will need to update that one, too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to create additional roles for any additional provider you want to configure in Cloud Application Manager. If you restricted the *CAMApplianceAssumeRolePolicy* to a specific list of resources, you will need to update that one, too.
```
